So we've got trustworthiness the organisation's
commitment to being honest and truthful
and reliable
we've got quality which is about the data
themselves where they're from, how they're used, what they mean.
But those two on their own and not enough for
people to have confidence in the statistics
Because the most important thing of all,
in some ways is that the statistics are valuable
That they have value
and what do we mean by that?
Well it's not much good having a trustworthy
organisation producing quality
statistics on a subject that nobody's
really interested in. When the questions
they really want to answer are something
else altogether
kind of being this role of the lifeblood
of democratic debate that we think is so important
So under the value pillar which is in a
way the newest part of this code
the part that we're really
emphasizing as a fresh demand for
government statistics is this notion
that they must be valuable they must answer
people's questions that provide
insight they must meet users needs
they must be accessible this notion of
value is really essential and I think
that just with trustworthiness and
quality it runs the risk of having
statistics as being a series of
quite dry numbers existing in a rather
abstract technical world not very human
not very meaningful the value pillar is
the one which humanises the whole piece
quite dry numbers existing in a rather
abstract technical world not very human
[Music]